Tips on what to keep in a lab notebook copied from https://colinpurrington.com/tips/lab-notebooks

What should go into your notebook. Notebooks can be physical or electronic and be tailored to meet your style and needs but should include the same information.

1. Include detailed notes on all discussions and thoughts on your experimental goals. This means, of course, that you should start making dated entries immediately rather than waiting until you get your analysis started. Because some information might come via e-mailed suggestions (from your mentor or colleagues) or from online sources (PDFs or web sites), you might paste “miniaturized” versions of relevant passages directly into your notebook rather than spending the time to transcribe. If it has a scrapbook feel, that’s what you want. Paste in some photographs, too.
2. Eventually, include detailed protocols that could be easily followed by another researcher. Give each analysis a name so that you can refer to it quickly in subsequent entries. All protocols should be accompanied with clearly-worded hypotheses and goals, and indicate exactly what measurements are going to be taken.
3. Provide full justification of all analysis details (study region, data resolution, modelling approach, etc.). Justification might come as simple logic (stated, in your own words) or as references to other published research (e.g., voltages applied as per Frankenstein 1818, with full citation given).
4. Annotate all calculations so that all numbers and variables are fully explained and would be interpretable by another researcher. Remember to include units.
5. Give full details for all data. Where and when did you receive the data? From who, and what information did they give you? How and when was the data collected and/or synthesised? If you collected data yourself, give source, methods, etc. 
6. Record software details (version, packages used, scripts used and in what order). 
7. Record names of people providing assistance with data collection, techniques, statistical advice, equipment loans, stipend support, supplies funds. Write this information down immediately so that you remember to include it in your future acknowledgements sections when you publish your research. Keep notes about phone conversations and e-mail interactions.
8. Make quick drawings of potential figures or relationships to explore within the data. These sketches do not have to be works of art.
9. On the day you first enter data into a statistical program, write down the file name and where the file is stored (e.g., DVD on shelf in room 101; backup on laboratory computer in “Backup folder”). Give your file an informative name (e.g., “heat-exp1-2019-01-11.dat”) rather than “experiment1.dat” or “stats_hell.dat.”
10. Make daily entries, even if to say just “Tried to reproject a data file. It didn't work.”
11. If you happen to record some data directly onto datasheets (e.g., Excel spreadsheets that exist on computers or within ring binders), include dated entries for all such occasions: “entered data onto heat-exp1-2019-01-11.dat spreadsheet.” Ideally, construct your spreadsheets so that you can paste them into your notebook, perhaps right after your experimental details are explained (you can flag the page so that you can easily find it when adding more data to empty cells).
12. Detail all mistakes, problems with procedures, and lapses in data collection so that you can fully explain “odd” results or limitations of the data at the end of your experiment. E.g., “Data was missing for the Caribbean.”
13. Avoid making entries that are wholly unrelated to your project (e.g., “Don’t forget to mail fruitcakes”).
14. Include the full names and contact information for all collaborators (in courses, this translates to “laboratory partners”). You will sometimes have, “see X’s notebook for further info,” and these entries will only be useful to other researchers if there is good contact information at the start of a particular experiment.
15. At the conclusion of your experiment, or at the end of your course, write or print out a full directory of all electronic files that relate to your experiment. 
17. Describe the locations of all computer media, manuscript drafts, data, code, etc., so that items can be located by others in the future. This information is best in tabular form (perhaps as an Excel or Word table). When the project is nearing competion make sure all of this information is reflected in the GitHub repo.

